# Todoist CLI

![Demo][demo gif]

# What is it?

A *minimal* command-line tool for using the todoist service.

# Why?

Honestly, there isn't much of a use case for this, unless you just really love
command-line applications. There are some conveniences to this, such as being
able to access your todo's or lists straight from the terminal and still be
able to leverage the cloud benefits of the Todoist service. This is a lot nicer
of a set-up if you're a developer who spends lots of his/her time in terminals.
Besides that, and maybe some other angles you can approach this project at
positively, this is honestly not that useful and the Todoist chrome extension
or website does the job more than well enough (plus it exposes lots of features
that this project will probably never support because I don't care for them).

The last parenthetical however is the first half of the personal motivation for
creating this project. I adore minimalism, and in fact, I am obsessively in
desire of minimalism. I use `vim` so I can avoid the bells & whistles of all
other editors. Todoist is a wonderful service with an impressively large
selection of features, of which I use perhaps 1% of. I like my things being
simple. This project lets me leverage the multiple-device support the Todoist
service offers without having to deal with the extra features.

The other half of motivations for this project is simply one of hobbyist
interest. I felt like this would be a great way to explore interface design. I
believe that was correct. A quick perusal through the issues will show me
iterating on interface designs for this project as I use it more and find
points of high friction in day-to-day use. Along with that, there is a lot to
be said about how one should structure the implementation of a project like
this. The 'interface' exploration here is both user-facing and developer-facing.
In other words, I think it is a cool project. Fortunately (or unfortunately),
although this is the other 'half', it is probably the primary reason for making
this project :).

[demo gif]: https://i.imgur.com/DcSvLBR.gif
[asciicast2gif]: https://github.com/asciinema/asciicast2gif
